Dotnet fsi dependencymanager extensions doc (#10511)
dotnet/fsharp: src/fsharp/FSharp.DependencyManager.Nuget/README.md

# `dotnet fsi`: NuGet Dependency Manager Plugin

> This extensions ship by default since .NET 5. It can be used in fsharp interactive through `dotnet fsi` without further setup through `#r "nuget:"` references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension ships by default since .NET 5. It can be used in F# interactive through `dotnet fsi` without further setup through `#r "nuget:"` references.
```

Author: thanks @cartermp!
